So that first semester went well, and your grades
came out okay? About a three, four. Three, four.
Did you have a goal that you were shooting for?
That, I mean, I didn't really, I knew I wanted to do
well, but I knew I didn't want to, I didn't want my
only thing at A&M to be my grades. I knew that. As you
began to try to look further into the future, who
did you turn to for advice? A man named Dr. Ben
Welch. I don't know if you've heard his name at all.
At the time he was in charge of the fellows program
in the School of Business. He is Aggie Men's Club
advisor. An absolutely amazing man. Probably the
man in which I've learned most of at this, since
I've been here. Dr. Welch. What made him a good
advisor? his genuine love of A&M and genuine love
of the group in which I was involved in I mean like he
loves Aggie Men's Club and he loves Texas A&M and it
was just very obvious that he did that and he was
just he's a very caring individual he takes the
time to give you a hug he takes the time to see how
you're doing which is great and so it was just very
easy to talk to him did While you were getting very
much involved and attached, were you aware of
other freshmen who were just kind of getting left
out? I was. My roommate was one of them. Is that
right? My roommate was one of them. What could have
been done in hindsight? What could I have done or
what could they have done? What could A&M have done
or what could they have done? I think a big part of my
roommate was the fact that he played football,
which is such a big time commitment, and he just
didn't enjoy it. He just wasn't enjoying himself
because walk-ons don't get a fair shake at the
school. And so he was getting really frustrated
with the fact that he was going out there four hours
a day and nothing was really coming of it. But as far
as I think... He didn't even go to MSC open house. He
didn't try. He didn't put forth the effort. And at
A&M, you have to put forth the effort a little bit if
it's going to get. I mean, it's just like anything
else. And so him not putting forth the effort kind
of doomed him for the rest of it. And he ended up
transferring after his freshman year. All right.
But you stayed the whole semester, the whole year
in Cane. I did. As you go home Christmas, you feel
good about the first semester. I do. I feel very
good about the first semester. Now, what does an
Aggie do for four weeks in the semester break? Hang
out with high school friends and go skiing. I
remember I went skiing. I went skiing with some of
my high school friends actually. and then just
hung out with them. And did you tell them anything
about A&M? Oh, yeah, if they had listened. But a lot
of them wouldn't listen. There was, out of the 73
people that graduated from my high school, 21 of
them came to A&M. Really? So...
So your second semester you dug in more deeply and
did you start looking around for a specific major?
A little bit I did. I had heard that the College of
Business was starting to put requirements on GPA
requirements, which I was fine just as far as that
goes. But I started looking towards business
simply because I enjoyed history a lot. I remember
talking to my parents about history. I had a great,
great class. Probably one of the better classes
I've taken. It was History 106. Its name was Arnie
Kramer. Loved that class. Loved Mr. Kramer. We
ended up becoming relatively good friends. I
stopped by his office every once in a while. We just
became... very close and I really enjoyed his
teaching method. I know him well, but what made him
outstanding? His love for what he was doing.
honestly it was just very obvious that he really
enjoyed not only history but also teaching
students about it and he took it very seriously and
he rewarded students in the right way of rewarding
students you know it wasn't just he didn't reward
students just by going okay good job like if you
came to class you got rewarded for it if you did
extra credit you got rewarded for it the tests were
a combination of having to know facts but also just
using your mind as well And also, he just made it
fun, you know. He threw in little, at least for me,
who can't think on one subject forever. It was a
Tuesday, Thursday class, and so it was an hour and a
half long. He would throw in random stuff. I mean,
he's always big on word origins, and he's really
big on that type of stuff. And so, he would throw in
stuff that would keep your interest going. And
just, I loved going by his office hours. We always
had such great conversations, and we ended up
actually going to lunch a couple times, and it was
just really neat. Did you know anything about his
background? I did once the semester started
progressing just as far as what he did as far as the
civil rights and stuff like that. No, I'm meaning
his grandparents. No, I don't. One of his
grandfathers or great-grandfathers was the
chief rabbi in Budapest. His father or
grandfather immigrated over here, worked about
eight years, goes back, says to the synagogue
congregation, I'm looking for a wife. And one of
the families said, here she is. They get married
and come back to the Chicago area. And he grew up
learning to speak Magyar Yiddish English And
German. And so, and many of his relatives were
involved in the Holocaust and all like that. Oh,
yeah. So he had firsthand experience in that. The,
in general, that freshman year, were the
instructors good? I was relatively blessed with
my instructors. I remember second semester
freshman year having one that I didn't really care
for. He was my oceanography professor. It was much
like I was a number. And he just came in, said his
stuff, and then left. He was never really at his
office hours, very distant, very big on research.
And that's one thing that I kind of, I think any time
you get a university professor, A lot of them think
that their main job is research rather than
teaching, which I don't agree with, but I guess
they're open to do whatever they want. But that
kind of frustrates me sometimes. If you want to be a
researcher, then go work for a research company.
Don't act like you're a professor. Now, did you
zero in on business eventually? For a while. Oh,
okay. For a while. My major is not business. I did
zero in on business. I became a business major
beginning of my sophomore year. Yeah, beginning
of my sophomore year I became a business major.
Alright, then that second semester though you had
more into student activities. Were there any that
you added that? I didn't get in any. Other than fish
camp. I got fish camp. It's funny, people ask me,
they're like, well, how has your college career
been so successful? Like everything you've done,
it seems like you've touched his turn to gold and
all this kind of stuff, just as far as the elections
I've won and stuff like that. But I've been denied
more than I've been accepted at A&M to
organizations. I tried out for four
organizations first semester of my freshman
year, got into one. Tried out for four more second
semester, got into one. I applied to eight my
sophomore year, got into three. So I've
definitely tried stuff, but just, I mean, don't
get into everything. As you look back on those
successes and lack thereof, do you think that the
process was relatively fair? Oh, definitely.
Some of the stuff kind of frustrates me. It's kind
of like a catch-22 situation. I guess I'm a theater
arts major and so I'm trying to get into theater
obviously and the problem with theater is that
it's kind of an inclusive group that if you don't
know someone or if you aren't already in the group
then they aren't going to let you do anything but
you can't do anything unless you're in the group
and so it's kind of a catch-22 well student
government is much the same way if you don't know
someone then it's very hard to get involved but yet
they want to involve more people and so it's this
kind of this dichotomy of mission I guess and so I
guess if I could change anything it'd be a lot of
that What about the MSC and all its activities? I
didn't know about the MSC, to be honest with you. I
knew about the MSC. I was in the MSC all the time, but
I didn't know about all the organizations. I heard
about MSC Hospitality, and I heard about MSC Opus.
But other than that, I really didn't know about
anything. I didn't know about Town Hall. I wish
there was some freshman organizations that I
could have gotten involved in that are here in the
MSC that are housed here. There's just a lot of
stuff that I didn't know about. I was gone for 17
years, and one of my shocks when I came back was that
SCONA is very little today. It was one of the
grandest activities on the campus. It was big.
They were raising $40,000, $50,000 per year
themselves as students in the 60s. Wow. Let's see.
Then did you say you eventually ended up as a
theater arts major? Yes. When did you? Second
semester of my sophomore year. Okay. All right.
You finished the first year. Your grades were
okay. What did you do that summer? I interned at my
church. I got a job. I got a job and went, and
something that college students, many college
students do, you walk through the M.I.C. and get a
gooder credit card. So you get a credit card and
you're just like, wow, this is easy to spend. And so
I racked up a, not a huge debt, but a couple hundred
dollars in debt. And I was just like, oh my gosh,
can't do this. So I went back that summer. I
interned at my church and I just paid that off. Just
had a really fun time. I was involved in fish camp,
hung out with some high school friends, really did
some neat stuff. Just as far as hanging out with my
parents, went on some fun trips with some high
school friends. Like we went to New York, some
friends of mine, about six of us, we went to New York
and just stayed for a week. And then just came back
for fish camp. And so that summer was really just
kind of a time away, I guess. Did you do any
introspection after the first year in
preparation for the second? Oh, yeah. What did you
decide you were going to modify or change? My
involvement level in A&M. My involvement level in
my friends had been very high my freshman year just
as far as pouring myself into, for instance, Aggie
Men's Club and the friends that went in that. I did
some, I felt that I represented myself really well
my freshman year. And so then that summer I was, I
just really was like, okay, I started thinking
about the Yale leader thing again, simply because
you run at the end of your sophomore year. So that
was something that was on my mind a little bit. I
hadn't decided that I was going to do it yet. but it
was on my mind. And so I came back to school and I just
got really involved with stuff. I was living in a
house off campus with some friends. I lived with
some seniors, which was really neat. It was my best
friend and myself that I made here. We didn't know
each other before we got to A&M. He and I lived with
four other seniors, graduating seniors. So it was
really neat. to see a 22-year-old in college as an
18-year-old, you know. As a 19-year-old, you got
to see a 22-year-old, which was just such an
amazing learning experience, which was really
neat. Alright, now describe the daily class, the
class day routine then. Living off campus in a
house, what time did y'all get up, what time did you
do this or that? I guess it was very dependent upon
what time my class started. I really can't
remember what my exact schedule was. I remember I
didn't have any 8 o'clock's my sophomore year,
which is really good. But off campus parking is
obviously a hassle, so I got a bike and I got a little
trailer hitch that went on my little Blazer that I
could put my bike on there and I'd go and I'd park out
at Reed Arena and then ride my bike all over campus.
which is great and it worked fine. The thing that
makes me laugh about it is that all these people
complain about parking. All these people
complain about all this stuff. And I'm like, it's
because you're lazy. I was like, there's always a
parking spot at Reed Arena. Always, 24 hours a day.
If you want to go park there and just get on the bus,
then you're fine. But all these people want...
parking to be right next to the classroom, which
isn't going to happen. Makes me laugh. I think the
student body is very apathetic as far as wanting to
do something for themselves about problems other
than just sitting around complaining. And I've
learned that this past year as far as just in the
leadership role that I've been in and the
committees I've been on. I'm kind of frustrated
with the student body sometimes.
Now, what would you, you'd come to the campus and
stay all day? Pretty much, just simply because,
well, I'd come for at least a little bit, but I would
have meetings at night, so I'd go home and I'd have
to change for meetings. But when you parked at Reed
Arena, got on your bike, what did you bring with you
to campus? Just my books and my day planner and my
wallet, I guess. Backpack? Backpack, yes, there
would be a backpack. And any stories about bike?
Oh, sure, bike collisions all the time. I mean,
they were a weekly occurrence. They just
happened. Sometimes cars, sometimes people, but
sometimes you'd try and hop a curb and not do it and
you'd fall. Ever get hurt? Not too bad. Not too bad.
I mean, I'd skin an knee and skin an elbow. Bike
theft, ever? Yes, twice. Two bikes got stolen.
Didn't get it back? No, didn't get it back. Didn't
get it back. Was this unusual, or did other people
have the same? Bike theft is very commonplace,
yeah. I didn't know that. Yeah, bike theft is
enormous on this campus. Does anybody know what it
is? Does somebody else just steal it and use it? I
don't know. I honestly don't know. Did you ever
see, think you saw it? Yes. Oh, yeah. I thought I'd
saw it. I thought I'd see it, and I'd run after them,
and they'd be gone. Wow. Alright, so you'd come,
where'd you eat lunch then? MSC, again, simply
because I didn't have on-campus dining and so I
just ate at Aggie Bucks. With a group or anything?
With my friends, just with my friends that would be
there. Or I'd, yeah, I'd eat in the 12th Man a whole
lot. Alright, then in the afternoons when you had
free time, where'd you go? I'd go home. I remember
I'd work out. I'd go to the rec center maybe. I'd go
over to another friend's house, but then I'd go
home. My house was one. It was very big. Turn of the
century colonial house. Plantation house out in
Bryan by downtown Bryan. You know the Kyle house?
Right across the street from the Kyle house. It was
on Finnfeather. Well, you know how Finnfeather
turns and it becomes something else? Well, it
picks up again right there. And I lived right on
that street. And just huge house, four bedroom. We
had six guys living there. And it was just... So all
their friends were coming over all the time. So the
house was a really neat place that we'd go to bed at 4
o'clock every day. How did you all in that house,
how did you all divvy up the food. Who bought what
groceries? Who cooked? We said we each had a
cabinet and so just as far as snacks and stuff goes,
you're in charge of that yourself, but as milk,
eggs, stuff that goes in the refrigerator, meat,
that's kind of community. And it was just kind of up
to the honor of the person to go get more. Did you
cook your own? Sometimes. relatively everybody
played to the rules? Yeah, it was a really good
thing. One of the great things about my freshman
year is we had something called family dinner,
which was every Monday night we'd eat dinner
together. And it would rotate. We had a schedule.
Either someone would cook or you'd take everyone
out to dinner for the whole house. And so it was
really neat just simply because that was a weekly
event in which we got together even if we were
really busy and just kind of talked. And then that
fall of your sophomore year, bonfire again? What
was your task? I lived off campus, so it was a lot
harder to get involved with bonfire. I went to cut
three times, I think. I went to father-son cut.
Where was the cut area that year? Snook the first
year, where? It was...
I think it was Snook again, just a different part of
Snook. I remember the road where you turned off to
get to it, but I don't remember how to get to that
specific place. So that's the fall of 98. Fall of
98, yes. Did you or any of your buddies ever talk
about danger, worries
about Bonfire? Oh, sure. At Cutside, I remember
one time we got out there and it was wet that
morning. So we were cutting and a friend of mine who
has never wielded an axe before got it and swung and
missed right by two people's heads. So it was
plainly obvious.
For those of you working in the cut area, you all
were entirely separate from the stackers. No, you
can do both. You can do both. Did many do both? Most
people did both. Most people did both. Something
because stack didn't start until cutting was
done. What would be your guess as to how many people
actually participated in bonfire during those
years? Cutting, stacking? No, do you say going out
once or do you say heavily involved? No. 5,000?
4,000 went once. As far as the dedicated crew of
people that would build it, 250. And
were they civilian or corps? It was both. What
would be? Half and half. Half and half? Maybe a
little more civilian simply because there's more
people that are civilian. Were there any women in
the cut area? Yes. What were they doing? Some were
cutting but most of them they were the water people
that drive around in a truck with the water and with
the lunches and stuff like that. Did you and the
other guys make fun of them or anything? No. And
were there some women at the stack area? Yes, there
were. And they got made fun of. They what? They got
made fun of. They did? But they had the cookie shack
also out at the cut site. I mean, out at the stack
site.
When did you first go to muster? Freshman year. It
was the first one in Reed Arena. What did you think
about it? Blown away. I remember I just, I went home
and just sat by myself for like three hours after
it. I mean, I just, it was really hard to
comprehend, you know. It was great. A year ago I did
the muster, my 25th muster speech at Albuquerque
and before they called the roll, a young man from
Albuquerque came up and he was either a sophomore
or a junior and his squad was on duty at the stack
when the collapse came and his outfit, he unfurled
his outfit banner which had gotten torn and there
was a blood stain on it. That was, that was
touching. Then Mrs. Curley, I was president at UT
El Paso when I left here and we still have an Aggie
daughter and granddaughter and grandson and a
son-in-law out there and Mr. and Mrs. Curley were
the I know that actually, I'm relatively close
with the Curleys. Are you? Yeah, I am. I'm a Fish
Camp co-chair and they are namesake and so we're
Camp Curley.
in there. I haven't read it all yet. Very, very,
very touching. Very touching. Oh, my. Let's see.
Muster. Why was Muster touching? Just because it
was packed. 15,000 people were there. For what?
Why? I'm a big person. I question people's
motivation for stuff. I don't question it as far as
is it real or not. But I ask the question why a lot.
I'm a big why person. Why do you do what you do? Why do
you say what you do? And so I was just like, okay, all
these people are here. Why? Why are these people
here? What is the answer then? Why were they there?
A&M. A&M. Why this devotion? Something that human
beings need is a sense of self within a bigger
conglomerate, in my opinion. You always need to be
involved in something bigger than yourself. I
think that's why Bonfire had such a bigger feel to
it because it felt like you were working not only on
something now, but you were upholding something
in the past. And that's what A&M is. A&M is
believing in yourself and investing in the now to
build for the future, remembering the past. And so
that is what in my opinion muster is muster is
something where you come not for yourself you're
not getting anything out of that sure the muster
speaker might say something where you go wow
that's really cool but you're not going to learn
anything about life there you go to show support
for those families that are sitting on the floor
you go to show support for a m you go to be there I tell
them that those words in the song, there is a spirit
which can never be told. You can't really describe
it. You can't. You got to feel it. You do have to feel
it. And it took some of us outsiders a while to
understand that. Now you went to some athletic
events in G. Raleigh. What was it like over there?
It was fun. Basketball games were different. Now
no one went to basketball games my freshman year
simply because we were horrible. And see, when I
left here in 1980, you couldn't get a ticket. It was
packed. It was called the Holler House because the
opposition knew that was going to be a tough place
to play. I'm so mad about athletics right now. For
you as a freshman or sophomore, what were the other
key events that you and your buddies included in
your calendar? Our back porch, we had an enormous
back porch at my house. And hours upon hours upon
hours were spent on the back porch playing the
guitar, singing, hanging out. Just hours.
Hanging out, that was definitely my coming to age
as far as socially goes. Just as far as going out or
having friends over or staying up until dawn, just
doing nothing. Did y'all, as a little community,
did you ever counsel each other? Mm-hmm. Oh, sure.
My roommate got engaged that week, that semester.
Actually, the spring semester myself. Did anyone
ever say to anyone else, hey, you ought not do that?
Oh, yeah. Yeah, accountability was a big part of
our house. All right. Did you attend any religious
services here? I did. Where? I went to breakaway
every Tuesday. It wasn't on campus at that point.
It was still over at Central Baptist Church in
Bryan. But I went to Breakaway almost weekly. What
was special about Breakaway? The numbers,
honestly. And the speaker, Greg Mott, I don't know
if you've ever heard him or been in contact with
him, but he has an amazing way of knowing what
you're going through. He has, for some reason, his
thumb is on the pulse of a college student. I can't
explain it. Some people have the gift and he's got
it. And this was on what nights? Tuesday nights.
Tuesday nights. All right, then on Sundays...
Sundays I'd go to church. Where? It depended.
Sometimes I'd go to Central Baptist simply
because I went to Second Baptist. But then I'd go to
Grace Bible Church as well because I... I really,
really enjoyed Dwight Edwards, who was the pastor
there. Really enjoyed his sermons because it took
me like three hours to get through. Like I'd have to
go home and just ponder for a while. So I do that.
Like one of the questions that I have here in
Muskaka, were there any international events or
anything like that off campus that stunned you?
No, I can't think of any, but see if it's just
December 7 or, were there any international, any
national catastrophes or, that you remember?
Columbine was my junior year, I think. Do you
remember where you were when you heard the news?
About Columbine?
No. I don't. I remember I was when Di died, Princess
Di died. It was two days before school started, I
think, or it was the week before school started, my
freshman year. And I was at a fish camp party with my
DG leader. And we walked in, and the news was on, and
it said, do you hear Princess Di died? And we're
like, whatever, it's just a joke. But I totally
remember that apartment. It was in Scandi
Apartments over on Anderson. Alright, so that
second, do you go out for Yale later? As a
sophomore, spring semester as a sophomore.
Describe that. From beginning to end. Oh, man.
Describe that. Well, you decided to do it when? I
decided to do it Christmas break of my sophomore
year just because it got to the point where I was
like, okay, if I'm going to do this, then I need to do
it. And I'm the type that I don't like having
questions about what ifs. I don't like what ifs. If
you have a what if, then in my opinion, then you're
not doing it right. And so... I'm very much a goer
and a doer. And so I was just like, okay, either I'm
going to do this or I'm going to regret it for the
rest of my life. So I told my friends, I was like,
okay, I'm going to run for yell leader. And some of
them were really supportive and others were just
like, okay, that's really neat. And then all the
spring semester was just trying to grab a hold of
this thing that is definitely not definable. Um,
There's no handbook on how to run an election.
There's no handbook on this is how you get elected.
There's no guidelines to say this is how many
people you need in each area. This is how you do off
campus. This is how you do on campus. This is how you
budget your money. There's no handbook on that.
It's just doing it and making sure you have the
right people. How did you do it? I have no idea. I
look back on it. There was a group of us, honestly.
What we did was just very radically different than
anything anyone had done in the past. We didn't
focus so much on the fact that I was running for Yale
leader, but on the fact that we wanted to have a
relationship with every person on this campus as
far as impacting people. It was amazing, like it
really was. First campaign meeting, four people
were there. Two days before campaign started that
spring break, campaign started, we had 14 people
sitting in your room. By the last day of
campaigning, we had 160 people sitting in a room.
And where were these meetings? At my house. At your
house? They were at my house. And what did you call
it? Did it have a... It didn't have a... It didn't
have a name, but there was definitely something.
The color that we used was neon green. And so we
totally grabbed onto the neon green thing, both in
what it meant to us. It meant to us, I guess, joy is
something you could call what my sophomore year
was, simply because that's what we were trying to
do, is we were trying to make people not just have a
regular day of class. We were trying to make people
smile. We handed out jokes instead of campaign
materials. We handed out little smiles, little
green smiles made out of... pipe cleaner. And it
had your name on it? No. They didn't even have my
name on it. The smiles didn't. The jokes did. But it
was on the back. We just really tried to make people
happy. We just really tried to make people smile.
We tried to make it didn't seem like it was
campaigning because it wasn't campaigning. You
know, it was us having fun. It was us going to meet
people. And I guess it was just contagious. Now
these were all civilian students in your campaign
ever? Did anybody Did any corps group ever say
anything? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. What was there? They
didn't like it. They didn't like it. They thought
it was wrong. They thought what I was standing for
was wrong just because the corps is very not open to
change. The corps is very not open to anything
that's different than the way they think. How did
y'all avoid being seen as reactionary to the
corps? It was never an issue with us, just because
that wasn't my purpose for running. My purpose for
running was not to get the core. My purpose for
running was not pro non-reg. My purpose for
running is that I loved A&M, and I wanted to
represent A&M at athletic events and also to
everything else that Yellators do. Did you make
any speeches anywhere? Mm-hmm. Where?
Everywhere I could. Everywhere I could. I went to
sororities, fraternities, SGA committees, MSC
committees. There was an open forum in the MSC
where we spoke. Anywhere I could speak, I'd speak.
And what was the substance of what you tried to
convey every time? I'd get up and talk about just
the largeness of what I was running for. Kind of
give people a sense of what Yell Leader was in my
mind. And then I had a friend, actually, that would
sing a song. He had his guitar, and he would come in
and sing a song that was more just fun than
anything. It was very much a campaign tactic
because it was a very catchy song. You couldn't
hear the song and not have it stuck in your head for
an hour. And it was a song that we wrote. And so it
was... I think that that's the reason I won
personally. What worked in hindsight? What did
you do that worked best and what did you do that
worked least? What worked best is I focused on
individuals. I didn't worry about
organizations. I didn't worry about the fact that
the Corps was doing this. I didn't worry about what
other candidates were doing. I worried about what
the group, my friends, and the campaign staff
wanted to do and we just stuck to that.
To do anything differently,
I don't know, I don't think I'd do anything
differently. And when the votes were counted, how
did you, where did you? We were at Sol Ross and I
remember my friends and we were all huddled
together and we made the runoff, which was just
enormous. Just because there was nine people
running that year. and we made a runoff with one of
the, it was one of the guys in the Corps. There's
two? One guy won it outright, and then I was in a
runoff with the other Corps guy from Corps block.
For the one more slot? For the one more slot. Who led
in the primary? His name was Bubba Mosier. No, who
led? He did. He did. I was behind. I was about a
thousand votes behind. Okay. which I was worried
about, but I wasn't too worried about simply
because there were a lot of other people that I was
hopefully going to get their vote now that it was
just in between a core guy and a civilian. Even
though that still wasn't an issue with me, just
campaign thinking was this. Runoffs just did much
of the same thing. We didn't really change
anything around. I remember changing signs to say
runoff on it just to let people know that it was
runoff. And then when the votes were counted for
the runoff. I remember we were out at Sully. I
remember my friend and I actually, the guy who ran
my campaign, who has impacted my college career a
lot, his name is Sko Maps, Roscoe Maps. His name is
Roscoe Maps. M-A-P-P-S. P-P-S, okay. Roscoe, and
people call him Sko. That's his name is Sko, S-C-O.
His name is Sko, and Sko is the campaign manager.
And Sko, are we about out? We're about three, four
minutes. Okay. Sko, we were sitting in Allface
Chapel, and The Lord was a big part of that. We
didn't want to do anything. It was so neat just
because it seemed like every day the Lord gave us
just enough to get through that day. And then we'd
sleep our two hours and then we'd get exactly what
we needed the next day. We were sitting in All Face
Chapel and it was done. And we had about 45 minutes
until we would go meet our friends to go eat dinner
and then walk over together. And he and I were just
sitting there. And I think we just knew that we won.
We just knew. I remember looking at each other. And
we talked about it afterwards that we just knew.
And when the votes were counted, what was the
margin? Mayhem. I won by 271 votes. Was there a
large turnout, small turnout? Voter turnout. By
Aggie standards? Large turnout. It was the
largest runoff turnout that we'd ever had. And by
and large, was it a core civilian vote, as far as you
know? Yeah, it really was. It really was. Did
anybody accuse you?